Adds a new check for required field changes (#2438)
segmentio/action-destinations: .github/REQUIRED_FIELD_WARNING_TEMPLATE.md

<!--REQUIRED_FIELD_DIFF-->

# New required fields detected

> [!WARNING]

> > Your PR adds new required fields to existing destination. Adding new required settings/mappings for a destination already in production requires updating existing customer destination configuration. Ignore this warning if this PR is for a new destination with no active customers in production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Your PR adds new required fields to an existing destination. Adding new required settings/mappings for a destination already in production requires updating existing customer destination configuration. Ignore this warning if this PR is for a new destination with no active customers in production.
```

The following required fields were added in this PR:

{{FIELDS_ADDED}}

> Consider adding these new fields as optional instead and assume default values in `perform` or `performBatch` block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add these new fields as optional instead and assume default values in `perform` or `performBatch` block.
```

Maybe rephrase as a command, since we don't support adding required fields now. The contributor will have to add the fields as optional.
